back with Donald Dunn was going to try
one of these super super upper deck
series to hucking 125 off the table 125
box number 5 the bottom one and bottom
one that is box number 25 shooting live
video box break opening cards Wow he
wanted to the person right there too yep
can you see him he's right there give me
as Donald if you can open the packs for
him see what's inside the pecs Erik
Karlsson Holly come here he's on he's on
there he goes yeah more days Derek
she probably better than me swampy
should be like Derek pelu I know that
guy oh my dang canvas card jaroslav
halak jersey of colton Sissons jersey
Andre Burakovsky where is the fun Jarome
Iginla
PK subban there's your first young guns
and that is joel armia are mia or Joelle
Joel are Joelle no guns around the
children no young these are young guns
canvas version rocco grimaldi canvas
she's by Claude Giroux hey yeah there
you go doug gilmour game jersey Andre
Burakovsky Marquis rookie Scott darling
young guns number two
anze kopitar Jarome Iginla Daniel Sedin
canvas card yeah but it sonesta Brett
Ritchie Brett Ritchie Brooks Orpik
I'm going to hold it there's a um store
next door he probably use it if you want
to go there there's a salon hair salon
imagine it's chris / Griffin Reinhart
Aaron Ekblad Josh you're us it's a dress
yours Josh can discard of Jason Spezza
oh you got to buy back 14 of 25 Sergei
Fedorov that's pretty cool well here is
that 91 Sergei Fedorov young guns 14 of
25 huh first time I reporter by back out
of that number to a hundred Justin
Williams upper deck exclusives gold and
your last young gun Cedric a quick
bouquet the cut young guns oh and so
castle oh here's your overtime pack
dustin byfuglien john gibson and that's
a blue version Patrik Berglund but it's
not numbered ok so to recap you have 14
of 25 Sergei Fedorov 1991 young guns
buyback pretty cool there it's in a
sleeve for you Doug Gilmour and Colton
systems and you got a pile of young guns
and other stuff that'll do it thanks
Donald I'll get it out